Info on how to skip grammar build when building from source (#8698)
helix-editor/helix: book/src/install.md

   This command will create the `hx` executable and construct the tree-sitter
   grammars in the local `runtime` folder.

> > ❗💡 In case you do not want to build grammars, set an environment variable `HELIX_DISABLE_AUTO_GRAMMAR_BUILD` = 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 💡 If you do not want to fetch or build grammars, set an environment variable `HELIX_DISABLE_AUTO_GRAMMAR_BUILD`
```

A few small nits here:

* most people building from source will want to fetch & build grammars as part of the build so let's remove the `!`
* the value of the environment variable doesn't matter, just that it is defined
* that environment variable also stops the build script from fetching the grammar repositories as well as compiling them

Author: Ahh, yess
Thanks @the-mikedavis for the review
